men confess why they find older women
irresistible high school sweethearts
whose first love became their only one a
knight in shining armor on a white horse
who came to rescue his princess for many
years literature and movies have made us
believe that a typical happy couple is
comprised of a younger woman and an
older man however according to the elite
singles website study of 450,000 happy
daters men aged 20 to 29 prefer older
women these days hmm let's see what
makes them so happy together counting
down from number nine older women know
exactly what they want I don't want to
tell you what I want because I want you
to guess what I want how many young
ladies are guilty of saying something
similarly impossible for male logic to
decipher so not surprisingly what
attracts some men to an older woman is
her clear focus she has a strong idea of
what she wants and focuses her energy on
reaching bigger goals younger ladies
often enjoy the drama and don't mind
adding some to their relationship to
spice it up a bit older women tend to
care more about improving their own
lives and the lives of their loved ones
men are really happy that there will be
no need to play guessing games and they
can be straight up in a relationship
number eight they know more about life
and can help you grow even if some of
them like to deny it
men don't mind learning from their woman
in fact many of them see maturity and
experience in life
dating careers in relationships as an
advantage even though it's contrary to
the more traditional model where a man
is supposed to be the more established
one this was the conclusion of a 2006
study from the University of Maine
research team that interviewed eight
couples where the wife was 10 to 17
years older than her husband older women
can offer their perspective on many
issues and their rich life experience
can actually help the men grow and
become more mature at many levels a
mature woman can often see her man in a
way that he cannot see himself she shows
him what
if a man he is and motivates him to
achieve bigger goals this study found
that many men see a woman with life
experience maturity and an established
career as an advantage which differs
from the traditional thinking that the
man is supposed to be the one who is
more established and making more money
number seven they are confident and
financially stable most younger ladies
are still seeking attention and approval
from the public an older woman is
comfortable in her own skin and doesn't
need to prove herself to anyone she
feels comfortable in the world her
confidence and the way she carries
herself is so magnetic that it's really
hard to resist
another thing that adds to her
confidence is financial stability life
coach psychologist author and speaker
Sam Owen explains this is an important
factor in modern society while the old
views of men and women used to tell us
that the man should be the primary
breadwinner gender roles are pretty
different today and there's more
equality between the sexes guys also
want financial security no matter how
young or old they are and they don't
always like women who expect them to
cover all their needs at least right
from the start most older women have a
well-established career money in a
retirement fund and a strong sense of
financial responsibility when paying
their bills indeed a lady that
successfully juggles a career
housekeeping fitness finances and
socializing can not only be a secure
partner but a role model for the younger
man number six they are more emotionally
mature older women have more life
experience and they often have been
through a lot more in their lives they
have mastered the art of keeping calm
and carrying on so they don't overreact
and can control the ramones and behavior
but this doesn't mean they're boring and
don't know what fun means in most cases
they are just as playful and childish
inside as younger ladies they love to
chat and they have a great time with
their partners
Hugh Jackman who is 50 recently proved
this in an Instagram ode to his wife
Debra Lee Furness who is 13 years old
the name happy birthday to my smart
sassy sexy bride I love you with my
entire heart set the caption he also
praised her for creating the charity
organization ho planned number 5 they
have refined tastes you know how they
say that opposites attract
well it's true for many young men who
love the sense of calm that older women
have the reckless energy of younger
girls is adorable and tempting but it's
not something all men look for in a
partner for life many of them prefer a
slower and more peaceful lifestyle
that's relaxing and calm many older
women prefer quieter hobbies like
gardening crafting and painting or
spending nights at a chill place like a
jazz bar instead of doing a hyper
stimulating activity many of them have a
classy style that younger ladies are
still working toward plus it takes a
truly smart and mature woman to be able
to support her husband in whatever he
does take Bridget Makran for example the
wife of French president Emmanuel macron
is 25 years older than him
her main interests are literature in
education but she is no stranger to the
Paris fashion scene she has an
impeccable sense of style and French
fashion magazines praised her cool
attitude and Wonder Woman look during
campaign speeches she mentioned how
she's been involved in everything at his
side for 20 years speaking of her
husband that's the kind of support no
man would refuse number four they are
intellectual conversation lists going
out and partying together is definitely
fun but when the party period is over
and you move in together there comes the
time for dinners at home and it's really
awesome when those are accompanied by
meaningful conversations the same is
true for dinners with colleagues and
family friends most older women are
mature and excellent conversationalist
their life experience allows them to
understand the world on a deeper level
older educated women are smart and able
to maintain a deep conversation about
almost any topic the environment
politics and the community travel media
and so on they have their own
opinion about everything and this is
what makes them attractive to men
Shakira
the 42 year old singer may have seen
playful and even provocative in her
early career but she is reported to have
an IQ of 140 there are many issues she
cares about including world cultures and
languages she speaks Spanish English and
Portuguese fluently and can also support
a conversation in French Italian Catalan
and Arabic that in addition to her
successful musical career sure makes her
a great partner for Gerard piqu an FC
Barcelona player who is 10 years younger
than her
number three children have left the nest
this may sound harsh but not every man
wants the responsibility of raising
children most older women have grown-up
children they don't live with them
anymore this allows a man and his lady
to concentrate on each other and give
their fullest attention to their partner
it might sound selfish but some men
prefer to have a woman's attention all
to themselves without having to split it
with her children number two they can
give them motherly care they might deny
it
but some men seek out mature women
because they love it when someone takes
care of them it's not about solving all
their problems for them of course it's
about providing the mental and emotional
support that an older woman can give her
man an older woman who raised her own
kids or never had them but wants to feel
like a mom at times will gladly do this
to a reasonable extent according to
doctor Michael Kimmel a boy's
relationship with his mom greatly
affects how he will deal with women when
he grows into an adult and a 20-18 study
in Finland that involves 70 married men
in women concluded that men are highly
likely to find a woman who is like their
mom in different ways
dr. Ursula March and cows qey says that
there's actually nothing unnatural about
men being attracted to women who
resemble their mothers number one they
are mostly good at cooking you're gonna
love this one if you have a healthy
appetite most older women
have mastered the art of cooking and can
whip up anything from scratch and it
will almost always be super delicious
younger ladies generally cook less and
prefer eating out to ordering food
delivery many older women still like
cooking for their man they also
appreciate good wholesome dining
together with family so what is your
opinion on young men dating older women
feel free to sound it out in the comment
section don't forget to give this video
a like share it with your friends and
click subscribe to stay on the bright
side of life